Next one up.
We have the scale.
And you'll notice the a lot of things that we already have.
We translate is going to be very relatable to the scale.
Now let's start maybe with the red one and let's use transform.
And then we're gonna set it equal not to translate but we're gonna use the scale now scale again is
gonna have few options we can have these Scale X and we have scale y as well as we have scale so that
we can enter both values for the x 1 and the y 1.
Now with the X what's gonna happen is that if we're gonna go past the value of 1 in the x direction
the element is gonna grow the x direction.
So let's say if I'm gonna say to then the element is gonna get twice as big in the x direction.
Notice it happens on the right hand side and on the left hand side.
How or if I'm going to go less than 1.
So let's say zero point one.
Now the element is gonna be half the size but the trimming is gonna happen on both sides.
So not only let's say on one side but the trimming is gonna happen on the left hand side and the right
hand side.
So now this is gonna be half the size of the previous element that will be the x direction.
Obviously we can do the same thing in the y direction.
So let me just copy this and let's say for the number two number green one instead of X we're going
to place y.
Notice what happens.
So now the element is gonna be half the size in the y direction you want it twice as big.
And again I'm just using the round values you can do something like this.
So obviously this is just gonna grow a little bit more than the normal one but I'm just using to just
so you can see that for sure and the element is growing.
Okay so that would be the y direction and self-explanatory we can use both values.
So if I'm going to use the same thing here and if I'm going to copy the transformation let's say we're
going to add the new one then this is gonna be scale and I would like to I don't know zoom it or I'm
sorry not zoom it make it smaller x direction and y direction.
This is the only thing we need to do.
So now what happens is that this element is half the size X direction as well as y direction.
Now I wanted to make it bigger can make it one point five as well as here and now actually the element
is going to be bigger x direction and y direction.
Very very straightforward if you ever need to increase the size of the Element X or Y direction you
can just use scale.